# CS250-Scrum-docs

To interpret user needs and implement them into a program, engagement with the users is needed to understand the requirements, pain points, and desired outcomes. This can be done through interviews, surveys, and observation. After gathering information, analysis can be conducted to identify patterns and priorities. This is the first step in creating user stories for the project. User stories are short, simple descriptions of a feature from the perspective of the end-user, which help break down complex requirements into manageable pieces. User stories also have the additional benefit of acting as a communication tool between developers, stakeholders, and users, ensuring that everyone is aligned on the goals during the process.

Approaching program development involves several key steps. Defining the project scope and objectives, designing the system architecture, selecting appropriate technologies, plan the development process, and develop clean efficient well-tested code before integration into production. Incorporating the Agile process can enhance this approach, especially the Scrum methodology. Scrum emphasizes flexibility, collaboration, and continuous improvement. 

In fostering a collaborative environment, it requires that each person must take it upon themselves to perform as a good team member. Effective communication is top of the list, and being willing to collaborate, share time, expertise, and ideas openly and honestly. Coming in with a positive, high-energy attitutde goes a long way and is made the best it can be when all members take ownership of their tasks and commitments, and own up to successes, drawbacks, and even failures. Lastly, good team members stay up-to-date with their skillsets and continuously seek improvement.
